# Uyen's Projects
<p>Hi there! These are some of the projects I did </p>

<h2>Professional</h2>
<ul>
  <li><b>Visualizing the International Government Information Collection at University of Illinois in Urbana-Champaign</b></li>
        <ul>
        <li>About: In this project, I conducted analysis of the international government information collection at UIUC to gain insights about the collection for future program planning and related services.</li>
        <li>Skills: Python, GIS, SQL (within our internal system)</li>
        <li>Publication: Nguyen, Uyen. “Visualizing the International Government Information Collection at University of Illinois in Urbana-Champaign," DttP: Documents to the People, Vol 52, No 3 (2024), https://doi.org/10.5860/dttp.v52i3.8343 </li>
      </ul>
  <li><b>Using Electronic Resource Tickets to Assess E-Resource Management and Service Effectiveness</b></li>
        <ul>
        <li>About: In this project, I analyzed access problems tickets in our Electronic Resources Unit Team to understand access problems our patrons encountered and gain insights into our workflows. </li>
        <li>Skills: Python </li>
        <li>Presentation: 2024 SUNYLA Midwinter Online Conference: Using Electronic Resource Tickets to Assess E-Resource Management and Service Effectiveness (Co-presenting with Amy Fry and Sam Lechowicz) , https://sunyla.org/sunyla_docs/conferences/presentations/midwinter24/SUNYLA_Midwinter_2024_Fry_Lechowicz_Nguyen.pdf </li>
      </ul>
  <li><b><a href = "https://github.com/uyenn2/engel-public"> Engel Project</a></b></li>  
        <ul>
        <li>About: In this project, I analyzed our book collection for leisure reading at Duke Medical Center Library. </li>
        <li>Skills: Python, SQL </li>
        <li>Presentation: Special Library Association (SLA) Midwest Symposium (co-presenting with Katherine Carlson). </li>
      </ul>
  <li><b>Analyze Research Citations</b></li>
        <ul>
        <li>About: I'm currently looking at research outputs of Duke Health affliated faculty to determine how much of the reference materials use library resources. </li>
        <li>Skills: Python, SQL </li>
      </ul>
</ul>

<h2>Classes</h2>
<ul>
  <li><b><a href = "https://github.com/uyenn2/database-design-IS455"> Database: Using SQL to design a integrated library system for an academic library</a></b></li>
      <ul>
        <li> Our team designed a intergrated library system with SQL. The dummy data was generated by ChatGPT </li>
        <li>Skills: SQL </li>
      </ul>
  <li><b><a href = "https://github.com/uyenn2/is455-data-viz">Data Visualization Courses</a></b></li>
        <ul>
        <li> List of smaller projects completed during my Data Visualization courses at UIUC. Besides visualization, we also explored and gained skills in data processing and data stroytelling. </li>
        <li>Skills: Python</li>
      </ul>
  <li>Cataloging portfolio - examining metatadata of bibliogrphic record in library</li>
</ul>
